Hear what does a guy who's a monk KMAX an now and this be I'm going to show you that how can you create
a farm so that if someone enters his email address name and everything then we will send him a link
to basically get the 50 percent off course.
OK.
So for that you have to just create a new list.
And then just come here we have to create a list.
OK.
And then you have to create lists and this will be like basically
grab the year to me course for 50 percent.
OK.
So now I want to add the default email address so in this I want to add to the deal at iTunes the old
come just because I don't have much time to verify the other email address for the domain email address
so I'm just going and it evolved from e-mail just will be and deal OK.
And in here I wanted to just
you are receiving this email because
because you are up it into our mailing list.
OK.
And then here I have the company organization so here you can enter any of every If your company organization
that you have.
OK.
And then
so now here I have to enter my phone number and then I have to just don't verify your subscribers or
if you want to verify them you can verify them.
OK and then we have that note and notification subscriptions you guys already know about it.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to save.
OK.
And then here I have to just go to the settings.
So now here let's just come here and let's just see this so if anyone just subscribe to this e-mail
that we want to send a final Volcom e-mail.
So let's just form designer and we want to just send them a final Volcom e-mail and this will be like
three said forms OK and then done then you have to come here and you have to select final welcome e-mail.
OK.
And then here the subject would be list name the name OK and this would be like
get our course for 50 percent off.
OK.
There we go.
And now in here all of this your subscription has been confirmed.
I'm just going to add that so I'm going to add everything.
So this would be like here is a link to get the course for 50 percent off.
So 50 percent off.
And here I'm going to add the link so the link OK let's just grab the link from here and get it come
here and I'm going to copy the link so this is my copy of link and then it come here and I'm going to
paste it right here.
So this is the link that I have right now and I'm going to paste it right now so I can add the link.
And this is going to link it to this.
So I'm going to insert it right now and I'm going to say even close so you can see this is done right
now.
We have to wait some time.
I don't know why it takes some time to just add it into the database.
OK.
Everything is done.
We have the subject as well and the FROM name as it.
And everything.
So now what we have to do is that we have to just come here and we have to come here to design the forms.
You have to just click here again and then you have to go to the general form sorry the imbedded forms
and in here we have to design it so
please enter
your details to get 50 percent off.
OK.
This is year.
And now here it indicates required as is required.
Now here what I want to do I just want to go ahead and I want to copy all this court so let's just copy
and let's just come here.
You can also just go ahead and you can also go with the super slim the horizontal The Naked and advance
and everything.
So I'm going to come here and let's just add a text editor here so the text editor has here I want to
come here I want to take this index and I want to pace this so this is here please enter your details
to get 50 percent off and it's a subtribe instead of subtribe Vinita different Vinita different things
so I'm just going to come here and I want to
genes the burden I thing.
OK I want to I just want to come here and I want to go above.
Let's just see is this so this is
the label for last thing.
OK this is the label for last name.
This is the label for response and Dave Id class is equal to response subscribers to subscribe I'm just
going to find it subscribe values equals to subscribe.
OK this is the one.
OK.
You have to just press control F and this will appear you have to just enter subscribing you can see
this is coming right here.
So you have to just skim here and in the value.
You have to basically
you have to send me that coupon.
OK.
So when the person will enter his details then you'll send him that coupon.
So
now it is here.
And I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to save right now so you can see everything is saved.
And now let's go ahead and add this.
Basically just let's just get this header OK and let's just bring this header right down below.
So we need we just need to bring this down below so that we also need a fuller seem like that so it's
just the course to the website to make sure you added.
So and here I just need and see O.P. why copyright complete
W.P. course dot com OK and there we go.
Now let's have a look at our Web site.
How does it say look if I just come here and I just refresh my website you're going to see how amazing
this web site looks so if I just log myself out on wordpress.
OK.
Trust me guys.
Now let's have a look at this.
And you say that this website is built on wordpress.
Now you won't say that this website is does looks like the HDMI I can see we have any mation they have
this counter going on and we hope to have this form that says everything's fine.
If the person sees this page and he says OK they just coming here and this will click here he will just
click here and they will redirect him down below.
OK.
It is not working I think because we haven't added that in this section so let me just add it
in here.
Let's just come here.
Let's just click this section right now and I want to go to this this and this should be OK.
This is hash go.
We have to remove this hash and we have to just make it only simple goal.
OK.
And then we have to come here and we have to just click here.
Let's just refresh this page so you can see this is how like this if I just click here it is taking
me down Aunty's grab this offer now so you can just to add these type of stuffs like that.
And let's just log ourself out and let's just work.
I just see if this works or not so I'm just going to enter the e-mail address first are announced with
2093 dot com and in here it would be a first name and then it would be a last name.
OK.
So it is like this.
And now we're going to hit send me a coupon.
So it says thank you for subscribing.
So now the person you can also just change your phone bill e-mail if you want to from here.
OK.
Now let's get him here.
And then the person will log him love herself in.
OK.
Like the mail at yahoo dot com.
And then she'll log in she'll see it in the in her in a setting that this will tell you that your congratulations.
This is your thing this is your coupon code.
So people should be receiving that e-mail.
Let's wait till this is done.
I want them to spam.
And here it is.
I can deal.
Grab the you to me.
Course for 50 percent off get 50 percent off course for 50 percent off.
So you can see this is the subject.
You can change your subject.
Do not worry.
And if the guy is open it says Here's a link to get the course of 50 percent off for your records here's
a copy of the information you submitted to us.
So now here the person will just opened this up OK.
He'll just click this link.
Let's just said show images.
Just click this link and Manziel click this link that the link will be opened up.
The link is not working here because this link is already here in the spam.
So I'm just going to not spam.
OK so let's just come here again.
OK.
And it is here.
And I think the link should be working here right now.
Yes you can see that the person has claimed here.
And you can see this link has taken us to this arvo to say till the person can now get 50 percent off.
And here you can add your affiliate link or any link.
So this is how you basically create the lead pages with this and you can see this lead pages.
Is is is the best thing guys because no one can tell you that this is created for wordpress.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Stay tuned.
And by.